Hello Facebook Ads people!
I'm Konstantinos
and today we're going to talk about
avoiding the bans on the Facebook platform.
Help me, help me, my account got banned!
I don't know what happened!
Help please, heeelp!
I have done nothing wrong and my account got banned!
Please, get me my account back.
Please, get me my account back! Please!
I need your help!
Heeeelp!
STOP!
Heeelp!
I know. It is frustrating.
Let me tell you
that 99% of the cases
it is not your fault
and you will get your account back.
There is only one simple, tiny rule
that you have to follow.
Keep it simple and be polite.
Facebook customer support
is not your typical customer support.
Just to be clear.
Even if you spend millions
per month on the platform,
you are going to be treated like
you spend $5 per month.
Simply, because they don't give a fuck!
Try to send a simple messenge saying
"Hello, I have done nothing wrong.
I want my account back."
Nothing else.
Don't go into details.
Maybe it was this or that
in order to avoid any misunderstandings.
By the way, if you don't know
where to appeal to get your account back
either go to account quality
from your menu in business manager or
in the error meson that is going to
appear in the ads manager
you should be able to see the review button.
Most probably, you are watching this video
after you have asked for a review
and you are just waiting for an answer.
Just keep it simple from now on.
If you haven't done it so far
and be sure to watch the whole video
because this is just
the beginning of all the things
you need to know about
this unpleasant situation.
Most of the times,
they might ask you your ID
to identify who you are and this is one
of the most common reasons to get flagged.
Other common reasons are the two factor authenticator
and having an unverified business.
And now the 1 million dollar question.
If I do all of these,
is there still a possibility
that my account is going to get banned?
Let's play the drums...
and the answer is
"Hell Yes!"
Of course you might be banned.
Sometimes the bans are completely random
and they have nothing
to do with any of your actions.
Just be patient,
after you have submitted the review and wait.
Sometimes it takes 10 minutes,
sometimes it can take up to 5 days
if you're unfortunate enough to get banned
on a Friday night,
which will also ruin your weekend by the way,
you can thank Facebook for that.
Another note is that
if you get banned, for example, in October
and you ask for review 2 months later
or even 5 months later,
sorry, but most probably your account is gone
and this is the point
where all your problems are going to start.
So if your account ever gets banned,
act fast!
Don't neglect it!
Even if you don't plan on advertising
for the next months.
Facebook doesn't ban account but people.
If you get a permanent ban
for selling CBD products, for instance,
or having a bad page rating
or even by mistake,
it is exactly the same for them,
and when they say that
their decision is final,
they actually mean it.
And what does a fresh start mean?
New pixel, new high cost per acquisition,
new gathering of data.
And the saddest part is that
in most cases it's not even your fault.
My suggestion after seeing businesses
actually getting destroyed from stupid bans is this.
Be sure to never work in a business
with a single add account.
If you are watching this video,
go now NOW and create a second ad account
within your business manager
and even a third one.
It is only going to take you
one second to do it.
You can do it now
and I 'm actually going to wait for you.
Come on, go.
Go, go.
Open your business manager.
Come on.
I can wait.
I can talk here on the background.
Go, go, go.
Okay, open.
Create it.
Okay, there you go.
I will explain to you in a little bit
why this is so important.
Don't forget to connect your pixel
with your new ad account
in order to be able to use it,
if something happens.
Something that most people don't know is that
if your ad account gets banned,
you are not able to create another one
and continue advertising,
until you've appealed
and gotten your baned ad account back.
Now, if by mistake the ban is permanent,
you have lost your business
without having a plan B.
This is where the second and third ad account
come as useful backup plan.
I have seen banned ad accounts
that get banned again and again and again
for no reason.
And most of the times
when we make a new one
within the same business
and use exactly the same copy,
the same ads, the same creative,
same everything
we just have zero issues.
You need to understand that
if you have just one ad account
within one business in your business manager,
which is your whole business manager
along with your personal ad account,
it is just a little bit too risky.
It goes without saying that,
I don't suggest you
to use your personal ad account for ads.
For all the reasons mentioned in the video.
Imagine getting your personal ad account banned
you are smart enough, I think,
to understand the consequences
of something like this.
I do know that you can sell your Facebook Pixel
with other businesses,
but I'm just here to propose clean solutions.
Since this is a battle
that you will never be able to win.
Υou will find it in front of you,
one problem after the other.
And this is not the way
to run a sustainable business,
for many years.
Workarounds and trying to solve problems
by being smart,
always brings other problems.
For my last remarks,
let's jump on my computer.
I want to show you something.
A lot of times, people don't know
that there is an internal rating system
for each one of the pages
that it's advertising on Facebook.
And in order to see it,
you need to go to account quality.
And when you go to account quality
you need to find your Facebook page,
click on it and we can see that
the Feedback Score as it's been called
it's 4.8 for this account.
So we know that
a good job has been done
and everything is working properly
and we're having very good quality of traffic,
but let me show you on my book
the exact opposite case.
So you can see a printscreen over here from 2020.
This is coming from a dropshipping store,
which was actually doing very bad
with the shipping times.
So the rating was actually very bad.
1.8
At this point they got a warning that
if they continue like that,
they will go below 1 rating.
And what happens
when you go below 1 rating,
your Facebook ad account gets banned.
That means that you're going to be banned
from Facebook and not being able to
continue advertising on Facebook.
So here is the different scales that
you can see the different ratings from 0 to 1.
You're going to be disabled,
from 1 to 2 under penalty.
I can assure you that from 1 to 3,
the ad account is going to have very bad quality of traffic
and the results are going to be extremely bad.
And then above 3 to 5,
you are having very good score.
Of course you should always aiming to be
between 4 and 5
which is the best actually rating
that you can have
and you can have the best possible results.
Now if we see over here,
we're having 4.8.
The reason that
I don't like drop shipping is that
I feel like it's not a sustainable model anymore
because of the shipping times
and the shipping times is
what is causing most of the times,
the problems with the rating.
Of course,
if you are having a very bad product
and the people are angry with you,
it's also another reason, but most of the times
with dropshipping, it's the rating.
Maybe I'm going to do a future video about it,
but I don't feel like
dropshipping is a sustainable business anymore
because of the shipping times
and what is happening.
And even if you want to scale at some point,
Facebook is going to stop you
and you're going to be banned.
So very, very important.
Keep in your mind
that your Facebook page
and the rating that you are having there,
the way that you treat your customers,
the quality of your product is very important
because it might get you banned eventually.
And another thing
that I want to show you over here
is something super fast.
A lot of times people ask me
how they can reach the Facebook customer support.
It's very difficult sometimes.
Apparently Facebook makes it very difficult for us
because maybe they don't want us
to actually contact them.
But a very smart way is
by clicking here in your Ads Manager
this question mark
and you can see
that we can see Contact Support Team over here.
If you cannot see the Contact Support Team button,
you can always do your appeal
for the ad account
which is banned from the account quality
or even go to the message
that is going to appear on your ad manager
just on the top with the warning.
Last but not least
when your account is banned,
Facebook says
that your rates are going to be paused
and not lose any optimization
by observing banned ad accounts,
I can tell you
that you should give a grace period of 2-3 days.
And if things are not working as in the past,
relaunch the campaigns
that don't produce the results
that you want and don't just sit around
expecting them to start producing good results again.
Since most probably,
it is not going to happen.
You need to understand that
ad accounts get hacked every day
and they're used for false advertising.
This is the reason
that we see these random bans.
Needless to say that
if you have done something wrong,
most probably already know it
and you should stop lying to yourself
and accept the consequences.
But if you haven't
1. Don't panic.
2. Request a review and keep it polite and simple.
3. Have a backup plan with several
ad accounts within the same business.
In any case,
that's all I had for you
about the Facebook bans
on the Facebook platform.
Hit the like button
if you like the video and subscribe
if you want to see more in the future,
but even if you don't,
it's okay.
If you feel like it,
leave your questions below
with the hashtag #AskKonstantinos
and your question might be featured
in a future video.
And don't forget that
if you want to learn more about Facebook Ads,
you can read my book or check my courses.
Links are below in the description.
Until we meet again,
be creative and be consistent.